# matplotlib-challenge
This project involves the reading of two CSV files, which contained data regarding the various mice used to test different types of medicine to treat brain tumors and the results of the tests then finding which drug was the most effective by graphing the merged data in regards to the amount of mice were tested with each drug and the volume of the tumors. First, I merged the two datasets together using the common parameter of Mouse ID. After cleaning up the data and removing duplicate mice from the chart I made a summary statistics table consisting of the mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and SEM of the tumor volume for each drug regimen. Using matplotlib and pandas, I made both charts showing the number of mice used in each regiment and pie charts to show the distribution of gender. Next I made box plots of the four most promising drug regimiments to find any potential outliers. Finally, I performed lineir regregession on the data regarding Capomulin (one of the four most promising regiments).
In terms of what I observed through all this data manipulation and graphing, I have found three key details. First, I know that all drug regimens had roughly the same number of mice. my second observation was that the gender distribution of the mice was skewed towards male mice but only by less than one percent. My third observation was that Ramicane had the lowest mean tumor volume, variance and standard deviation, leading me to belive that it is the most reliable drug regiment. 
